a very common failure in mechanics is
put the car in contact give starter
and not getting the motor to pack
The only thing we get is that it opens the
electric start but we do not get that
the engine enters combustion
the situation would be more or less like this
what we have just seen may be due to
two things or carburation or ignition by
the part of the carburetor what we have
what to notice is that we have naphtha in the
vehicle if we have gasoline in the vehicle
we must see if it reaches the carburetor
if it arrives correctly without any
difficulty
so if we are going to move to the part of
switched on
Most manuals lines
mechanics and forums tell us that
we have to have the help of a
second person to give us a start
from the ignition key and we
there we will be able to verify if
we have and what kind of spark we have in
the coil and in the distributor but what
happens if we are alone the machine and
us if we have to effect this
test
let's do it in the following way
a spark check only the car
and we
what we are going to do is verify the
lit taking out the lid of
dealer to test if spark jumps
between the raptor and massa
once the rotors are separated with a
little piece of cardboard what we're going to do
is to put the car in contact
Now with a handle screwdriver
insulation we make a bridge between the shell
of the distributor and the hammer of
raptor should appear sparks if not
appear those sparks would be a
indication that the abductor would be
touching massa which is a defect
what we are going to do now is the
verification of the spark value of the
dealer as we do from the
Next we take out the piece of paper that
separated the raptor's contacts and
let's check the spark value of the
distributor
we move the crankshaft pulley so
that the kidnappers touch well in this
case are at a point in which
they are playing well we disconnected the
high voltage cable that comes from the
coil we arrive at about 6 millimeters
of a mass such as this one
screw that is attached to the block of
engine with the car always in contact what
what we are going to do is repeatedly open
and close the circuit by the raptor
by the hammer of the rotor of this
way what we have to achieve is that
here sparks of those 6 millimeters
no spark is present
then the problem may be
originating in the cable in this cable or in
the coil what we're going to do first
is to disconnect this cable and try
an old cable that we know goes around
it's old but we know what to do
is the cable that we refer to is the
cable that the car had first is a
conventional copper cable
we connect a coil
and again we do not have sparks in the
cable
very well after the coil change
let's try to complete the
verification of the spark value of the
dealer again the test the
we are going to carry out connecting the cable
High voltage central coil a
the coil and with the other end
we will try to bring the mass together and with the
another hand what we are going to do is
Contact or open and close quickly
dealer contacts now the
distributor for that way generate
sparks in this extreme we come here with
the finger and we do so
there we are
opening and closing the circuit
perfect means that our value
of spark is correct very well we achieve
have good sparks about 6 millimeters
of dough the color of the spark was white
or bright with a tendency to blue
but if you can not see that color and if
not being able to distinguish the colors
because for example they are anthony cost not
have problems what must be important
that you see the spark in broad daylight
day and the same is accompanied by that
characteristic sound is the click
characteristic of electric current
that you heard during the test if this is
so your electrical system is
working correctly
this type of tests must be carried out
always with the battery fully charged
keep in mind that it is a test that
let's do very possibly if
we had problems in the start
if we were insisting a lot with the
electric starter of the car is very
feasible that the battery does not have
optimal consumption of charges but that is
below those values and below
of those values ​​it is very possible that the
test goes out of hand and is not product
of a fault in the cables in the
Distributor in platinum capacitor
not on the coil but the problem is
low battery charge we have
Beware of that, it turns out that for today
thank you very much for watching the video